[cheerful music playing]
[narrator] Welcome
to Goodberry,
a tiny town
known for friendly fare,
neighborly goodwill,
and, of course, Mount Felicity.
Or as people
in Goodberry call it,
Ol' Smiley,
on account of its twin peaks.
If you're standing
in Goodberry,
you'd swear Felicity
was smilin' down at ya.
'Course, that's not
the only thing
that makes
Mount Felicity so special.
Some folks'll tell you
the snow up here
contains just
a little bit of magic.
But you didn't come here
to hear a bunch of mountain
and snow talk, did ya?
Now, just 'cause
Goodberry's a tiny town,
don't take that to mean
it's always a quiet one.
[bell jingling]
[gasps]
[laughs]
[bird jingling]
[purrs]
[thud]
[mouse toy] Say cheese!
Say cheese!
[Jerry whistles]
[blows raspberry]
[motor whirring]
[click]
[clicking]
No!
[exclaims] My poor, sweet,
highly profitable babies.
Who did this to you? Who?
Tom!
You incorrigible dunderpate!
The Destroy-A-Matic 5000
is this year's hottest toy.
-[laughing]
-[Doctor Doublevay] Ugh.
And just look what you've done.
And stay out!
Until you learn to respect
the premier technology
and superior quality
that makes
Doctor Doublevay's Emporium
the best toy store
in all Goodberry!
[Jerry clicking tongue]
[Mr. Flint speaking
indistinctly on phone]
[Mrs. LePage] Of course.
But please hear me out.
I'm just asking your bank
for an extension on my loan
is all, Mr. Flint.
You see, I'm selling
a great new toy this Christmas.
Snow Buds.
I just know
kids will love them.
In fact, I'm hosting
a big party tomorrow
to introduce these adorable
little guys to the world.
After that, I'm sure
I'll have all the money
I owe the bank and then some.
[Mr. Flint
speaking indistinctly]
Oh, thank you, sir.
I appreciate that.
And I won't let you down.
Oh, hello, Jerry.
I see Doublevay's cat
was at it again.
Oh, that Doublevay
and all his trendy,
newfangled nonsense.
One of these days,
we'll show him, won't we?
-[explosion]
-[coughs]
Maybe a touch
too much flash powder.
[gasps]
Uncle Jerry!
You're just in time
to see my newest trick!
Check this out.
I can toss these rings
around that pole
from anywhere in the room.
Really, anywhere. Like magic.
Well, not like magic-magic.
It's actually
all electromagnetic.
I built it myself.
-[electricity crackles]
-Yeow!
Watch this, Uncle Jerry!
[objects clattering
and crashing]
[gasps]
Ta-da!
Pretty cool, huh?
Now, wanna see
some real trick shots?
Oh, I get it.
You wanna wait till tomorrow
and see it at the big show
I'm putting on
at Mrs. LePage's
Snow Bud party.
I don't blame you, Uncle Jerry.
Magic's always better
with a crowd.
What is it?
You don't want me
to put on a big show?
Well, I guess I can lose
the flaming trapeze.
Wait, you don't want me
putting on a show at all?
[snake hissing]
Hey, I talked that snake
into spitting
all those mice out.
Eventually.
I did tell you not to flinch.
I was doing a card trick.
Still not sure
how that one happened.
Yeah, I guess you're right,
Uncle J.
Tomorrow's too important
for Mrs. LePage.
I wouldn't want to mess it up.
[wind howling]
I know Uncle Jerry's
right and all,
but I just wanted to help.
Boy, I wish I wasn't
always mucking stuff up
If only I was better at magic.
You know,
like honest-to-goodness magic.
Like the kind of magic
they say is atop ol' Smiley.
Bet that'd help Mrs. LePage.
Ah, who am I kiddin'?
Magic's just
kids' stuff anyway.
[voice chuckles] I wouldn't be
too sure about that!
[stutters] Hello?
Is someone there?
I don't know.
I thought we were alone.
Hello? Anyone there?
I'm warning you,
I am trained in snow fu.
[making fight noises]
-[Tuffy groans]
-[thud]
Oh, kid, you okay?
Please don't leave me
alone out here.
I don't really know snow fu.
Oh, don't worry, kid.
I'll save you.
[coughs, spits]
I did it. Whoo-hoo!
Oh, my gosh!
You're a real snowmouse,
aren't you?
[gasps] Like a magic snowmouse
from the magic snow
atop Ol' Smiley?
[gasps] Does that mean
magic is real?
Then how does magic work?
And don't snowmice need
some kind of magic hat
to come to life, and--
[chuckling] Whoa!
One question at a time, kiddo.
Uh, let's see, uh...
Yes. Yes. Yes.
I don't know.
And no.
[laughing] Why on Earth
would I wear a hat?
A snowmouse's whole deal
is keeping cold!
Wow!
My very own magic snowmouse.
Oh, I'm much more
than that, kid.
I'm yer new bestest pal!
♪ Sure, tonight just might ♪
♪ Be my first night ever ♪
♪ And now that we're together ♪
♪ It's the best night
I've had yet ♪
♪ It's a fact
I got your back ♪
♪ You're just like a brother ♪
♪ We're like jam
And peanut butter ♪
♪ Oh, I'll never let you down ♪
[both]
♪ From the Pyramids of Giza
To the Taj Mahal ♪
♪ The Leaning Tower of Pisa
To the Great Chinese Wall ♪
♪ Don'tcha know
When we're a'floatin' through
The Panama Canal ♪
♪ Hey, buddy-o
You're my bestest pal ♪
♪ Hey, you're my bestest pal ♪
[Tuffy]
♪ I always believed
That magic exists ♪
♪ But not magic like this ♪
♪ From the streets of Mumbai ♪
♪ Which used to be Bombay ♪
♪ To the rings of Saturn
In the Milky Way ♪
♪ Don'tcha know
In the whole universe ♪
♪ At any locale ♪
♪ Hey, buddy-o... ♪
♪ You're my bestest ♪
♪ From the east, north
South and westest ♪
♪ Hey, buddy-o
You're my bestest pal ♪
One more time!
♪ Hey, buddy-o
You're my bestest pal ♪
Come on! There's someone
you've gotta meet.
[Tuffy] Uncle Jerry!
Uncle Jerry!
Look, Uncle Jerry!
Isn't he great?
[shrieks]
Seriously, uh, should I start
taking this personally?
Come on, give me a hand.
You got it.
[giggles] No!
I mean help, ya goof!
[straining] Jeez, kid!
I get that
snowmice are supposed
to be roly-poly and all,
but would it have
killed ya to give me
a little bit of muscle?
I mean, look at these biceps.
Where's the definition?
Okay, buddy-o,
meet the greatest mouse
in town,
my Uncle Jerry.
Gee, must be an even
smaller town than I thought.
Ha! Kidding!
Hiya, Uncle J.
Uh, oh, I just realized.
You need a name.
[chuckles] Now,
just a minute, kiddo,
naming a snowmouse isn't easy.
Name's gotta sound friendly,
but not frivolous.
[Jerry thuds]
How's Larry?
I love it!
Yeesh, kid,
you musta hit a growth spurt.
Uncle Jerry's right.
It's not me. It's you.
You're melting in here!
We gotta get you outside!
Come on, Larry!
-Larry!
-Who?
Oh, right! Larry! That's me!
[chuckles] Let's go!
There we go. All set.
-Larry?
-[Larry] I'm over here, guys.
Just replacing
some of my mountain snow.
Mind if I try a new look
while I'm at it?
Somebody call a vet
because these pythons
are sick!
Four score
and seven mice ago...
Argh! There she snows!
You can't mess with a classic.
[both laughing]
Ah, freezing.
I'm gonna sleep like a baby.
That's 'cause I am a baby,
on account of being
a few hours old and all.
Well, buddy-o, we got many,
many hours of fun ahead of us.
[newscaster on TV]
Good evening, Goodberry!
Tad Dindy with the weather.
Don't get your hopes up
for a white Christmas.
We have an unseasonable
warm front headed our way.
Yes, you'll be lucky to see
a single flake of snow
on the ground on Christmas--
[sighs] Anyone else
think that weather report
was conveniently timed?
Don't you worry, Larry.
Uncle Jerry and I
will figure out a way
to keep you cold year round.
Won't we?
Oh, I'm not worried.
This old snowmouse is magic,
remember? I'll be just fine.
Yep, ol' buddy. [sighs]
I'll be just fine.
Got a good feeling
about today, Jerry.
Even the weather
is pulling for us.
Now for the main attraction.
Heya, kid. Wanna be buds?
-[electricity crackling]
-Heya, kid? Wanna be--
buds-- Wanna be--
[Doctor Doublevay] Wow,
look at that impressive tech.
Oh, by the way,
the phone's for you.
It's 1983,
and they want their
animatronic pizza mascot
back. Ha!
What do you want, Doublevay?
Mary, please.
I've been humiliating
your pathetic store
for years now.
I think
we're on a first-name basis.
Okay. Fine. What do you want...
Uh-- Wait.
What is your first name anyway?
[sighs] Doctor.
Your actual name is Doctor?
Well, yes. My parents had
rather high expectations.
But by becoming the number-one
toy inventor in the world,
I've exceeded
their wildest dreams.
[chuckles]
Or at least,
I bet that's what they say
if they'd ever return my calls.
Up high!
And when you do inevitably
default on your loan,
I've made arrangements
to purchase
this building from the bank.
[blows raspberry]
Yeah, I... I plan
to convert it into something
people will find
much more exciting...
like a blank wall.
[laughing]
Tom.
What's the matter with you?
Go clean yourself, man.
[laughing]
Well, hello, little one.
Do you like the Snow Buds?
Yeah. Does it talk?
No, sweetheart.
-Does it dance?
-No.
Does it have Wi-Fi?
No.
Then... what does it do?
A Snow Bud can do
anything you want it to.
Because you are magical.
I am?
Of course.
We all have
a little magic in us.
The magic of imagination.
You and your Snow Bud
can go on all kinds
of fantastic adventures.
[Doctor Doublevay] Imagination.
Ha! You see that?
She expects you
to do all the work.
That's why you're a failure.
Your entire business model
depends on the abilities
of puny-minded children.
Oh, uh, not you.
Other puny-minded children.
Well, this has been
great, Doctor.
But if you'll excuse me,
it's about time
for my event to begin.
Oh, I know
what time your event starts.
[loud music playing]
Because wouldn't you know it?
It's the exact same time
my event starts.
[kid 1] Cool!
-[kid 2] Destroy-a-Matic 5000?
-[kid 3] Can I get one?
[indistinct chatter]
[car horn honks]
[gasps]
[laughing]
[man snarling]
One more cube oughta do it.
Ooh, and we can't
forget the helmet.
Gee, Tuffy, I don't know.
I mean, fashionable,
functional and flattering?
[chuckles] You sure
can work magic.
Yeah. I wish.
What do you mean?
I actually want
to be a magician.
I'm just not
very good at magic.
Um, hello?
Do you see
the talking mound of snow
you brought to life?
Come on, we both know
that wasn't me.
It must've been the magic
from Ol' Smiley.
Hmm. If you say so.
Besides, I want
to perform magic.
In fact, I was all set
to put on a show to help
with Mrs. LePage's party,
but Uncle Jerry reminded me
my tricks sometimes tend
to... break... everything.
And I'd just feel awful
if I ruined
Mrs. LePage's big day.
[laughs] Well, have I got
some great news.
You don't need to worry
about ruining her big day,
'cause it looks like
it's already ruined.
-[loud music playing]
-[people cheering]
Oh, no. No one's showed up.
We have to do something
to help Mrs. LePage.
You're right.
We need to draw a crowd.
I know exactly how to do that.
You mean... perform my magic?
Whoa! That's a great idea.
No, I was gonna say
grab that chalk
and actually draw a crowd
on the walls outside.
You know, to make it look like
people actually showed up.
But your idea's way better.
I don't know, Larry.
Oh, come on, Tuff.
Your friend needs help.
And not to be that snowmouse,
but her dud party
can't get any worse.
You know what?
You're right. Let's do it!
I'll just need an assistant.
Who?
You, ya silly!
Yes!
[bell jingling]
[sneezes]
[shrieks]
[Jerry screams]
[fireworks]
People of Goodberry!
Come one, come all!
Young and old. Tall and short.
Sophisticated and...
that kid
picking his nose over there.
Gather round to witness
the most amazing
spectacle of magic ever.
The Great Tuffini!
[woman] Hey,
would you look at that?
[chattering]
[whirring]
What do you say, kids?
Should we try another?
[laughs]
Heya! Quit ticklin'.
Now, for my next trick,
I, the Great Tuffini,
will toss these rings
around that pole
no matter
where my assistant holds it.
And I'll do it blindfolded!
[hair dryer whirring]
[whispers] You okay, buddy-o?
Of course I am.
Must be nervous is all.
Don't be.
Just stand where I tell ya
and the magnets'll do the rest.
[panting]
[in normal voice] Are we ready,
my faithful assistant?
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Heya, kid. Wanna be buds?
[people screaming]
I guess that's the end
of today's special event.
But please remember,
Snow Buds
are a kid's best fri--
[all screaming]
Sorry, Uncle Jerry.
I know you said not to.
I was only trying to help.
Now, just a second, Uncle J.
This was all my idea.
And maybe it was a silly idea,
but our hearts
were in the right place,
weren't they, Tuff?
You can't tell me
you've never done
anything silly in your life.
Bein' silly's
what makes us special.
♪ Though I've only
Been here for a day ♪
♪ I've done silly things
They say ♪
♪ I'm a goof to my core
And I gotta do more ♪
♪ 'Cause bein' silly's
Just the best way ♪
♪ Whether you're
Frumpy or frilly ♪
♪ One should aspire
To be silly ♪
♪ 'Cause bein' silly's ♪
♪ What makes us special ♪
[man] Hey,
would you look at that?
-It's a little snowmouse!
-Adorable!
[indistinct chatter]
♪ I can't help
Loving my magic ♪
♪ But the results
Are often quite tragic ♪
♪ It's bananas, my friend
But I'd do it again ♪
♪ 'Cause silly's
What makes it dramatic ♪
[both]
♪ Whether in the basement
Or roofy ♪
♪ We're altogether goofy ♪
♪ 'Cause bein' goofy's
What makes us ♪
♪ Special ♪
[laughing]
[both]
♪ Sil-il-il-il-il-il-illy ♪
♪ I run a toy business
In town ♪
♪ But lately our sales
Have been down ♪
♪ I care less about cost
If no quality's lost ♪
♪ No customers
Leave with a frown ♪
♪ Behaving like this
Ain't a flukey ♪
♪ Sometimes it's good
To be kooky ♪
♪ 'Cause bein' kooky's
What makes us ♪
♪ Special ♪
What in the world is that
old muttonhead up to now?
♪ Sil-il-il-il-il-il-illy ♪
♪ I dance wacky
When nobody's lookin' ♪
♪ I make up words
Like "Gobbledygookin'" ♪
♪ I dip candy in sugar ♪
♪ I just ate a booger ♪
♪ If you think that's bad
You're mistookin' ♪
♪ So take this to heart
We really ♪
♪ Should always aspire
To be silly ♪
♪ 'Cause bein' silly's
What makes us special ♪
♪ Special ♪
♪ Sil-il-il-il-il-il-illy ♪
♪ Oh, silly! ♪
[Mr. Flint speaking
indistinctly on phone]
That's right, Mr. Flint.
I'll have
this month's bank payment
just like I promised.
Heck, I'll even have enough
for this whole year's payment.
Sorry, what?
No, you can't have it now.
Oh, you did it, Larry!
You saved Mrs. LePage's store.
We all did it, buddy-o.
Oh, no, Larry, you're melting.
And it's only gonna get warmer.
Come on.
I'll make you another suit.
Eh, forget it, kiddo.
As impressively fashion-forward
as that get-up was,
that's no way
for a snowmouse to live.
I guess I'll just
have to accept the fact
that in a couple of days,
I'll be nothin' but a puddle.
You know, maybe I'll try to be
one of those fun puddles,
like one a kid can splash in.
Cut it out, Larry.
We'd never let that happen
to you, right, Uncle Jerry?
Oh, I don't see
what choice we have.
I mean, snow melts.
That's what it does.
It's not like
there's some magical place
where a snowmouse like me
could literally chill out
year round.
Wait, that's it.
Yes, there is, Larry!
Snowman's Land!
Come again?
Don't you get it?
Mount Felicity.
The magic of Ol' Smiley?
It's all true!
You're living proof.
And if you're for real,
that means the legend
of Snowman's Land
must be real, too!
Snowman's Land?
Snowman's Land
is a magical village
atop Mount Felicity,
in the center
of Ol' Smiley's valley.
The snow up there
is supposed to be magic.
And I bet
that's where you came from.
Snowmen, snowwomen, snowkids!
You mean, others like me?
Why, sure.
What are we waiting for?
Let's go!
What do you say, Uncle Jerry?
Can we go?
Yeah, I know it's a long shot,
but it's Larry's only shot.
Oh, please, Uncle Jerry?
[both] Please, please,
please, please, please,
please, please, please...
[both] Yay!
We're going to Snowman's Land!
What is that thing?
Is it AI?
Some kind of nano-gear?
And where would old lady LePage
even get that kind of tech
to use for one of her toys?
Magic?
Oh, don't be absurd,
you vacuous pillock.
But I promise you this.
Whatever secret tech it uses,
we're going to find it out.
Oh, indeed, we will find out.
[laughing maniacally]
What?
[Tuffy] Climbing that mountain
won't be easy.
At least it'll be cold
and I won't have
to worry about melting.
That's true.
Then I'd say the bigger problem
is getting to the mountain
before you melt.
If only we had
a faster way across town.
Please, Uncle Jerry.
It's the only way.
Please. For me?
Uncle Jerry's pride and joy.
An RC Speed Queen convertible.
Fully loaded.
Four synchronous
electric motors.
Real working headlights.
Goes from zero to eight
in three seconds.
Wow!
Don't you worry, Uncle Jerry.
I know how much
this car means to you,
and we promise
to act responsibly
and be on our best behavior
at all times.
[Tuffy and Larry whooping]
[Larry] Punch it up to eight!
Heya, kid? Wanna be buds?
[screams]
[exhales]
[Doctor Doublevay] A-ha!
Well done, Tom.
It looks as though our friends
took a little road trip.
What do you say
we join 'em, hmm?
Tom, to the Doublevehicle.
Wow, I guess this baby does
guzzle batteries pretty quick.
Heya, kid, what do you say
we stretch our legs a little
and toss the old disc
back and forth?
Gee, Jerry wanted us to stay--
Larry?
[music playing on speakers]
That's it, buddy-o.
Just let your wrist
go slack, and flick.
All right. Throw some heat.
Let's see that ol' patented
Larry Speed Snap in action.
Here goes nothin'!
There it is.
And there it goes.
Oh, no!
[screams]
I'm so dead.
I am so dead.
Relax. You can barely
even see it.
You don't understand.
Uncle Jerry'll see it.
In fact, he loves
his car so much,
he's probably
already sensed it.
Don't you worry, Tuffster,
this'll buff out easy.
Oh, wait.
[Larry] Mm.
Probably should've
used a clean napkin.
Oops!
"Oops"? What's oops?
You can't say--
[gasps] What did you do?
Okay. To be fair,
I did not realize
this was a plastic laminate.
But don't worry,
I'll figure something out.
You just relax, partner.
That's it. You lie down.
Ol' Larry'll
think of something.
Oh, Larry, you genius, you.
Uncle Jerry, can I just say
I honestly thought
I was doing you a favor.
I mean, it's Christmas!
What better way
to get into the spirit?
Uh, maybe let this one go, Lar.
Ah, they've been here.
But we'll never catch him
if we remain
one step behind like this.
What do you say
we get a bird's eye view?
Thomas, get off of me.
I meant
a Destroy-A-Matic 5000's
eye view.
[beeps]
Yes. Fly, my children.
Fly! Fly!
[laughing maniacally]
[slurping]
Oh, what are you
looking at, Pops?
[beeping]
A-ha! Found them.
Let's go, Tom.
[tires screeching]
Nice try, but no freeloaders.
Now, are you coming or not?
[tires screeching]
Would ya look at us?
Three best buds on the road,
not a care in the world.
Hey! You know what we need?
Tunes!
[Jerry's stomach growls]
Huh.
What kind of music is this?
No, Larry.
That's Jerry's stomach.
He must be hungry.
And so am I, actually.
Mm. Let's see what we...
got?
Where's our food?
Stay calm.
I know exactly where it is.
It's in my tummy.
You ate everything?
Well, not the wrappers,
obviously.
Unless I'm supposed to.
I mean, this eating thing
is new to me--
Larry!
Sorry. I had to try everything
while I could.
I doubt Snowman's Land will--
No, you don't understand.
We're not magic snowmice.
We need food... to live.
[gasps]
You needed it to live?
Oh, no. What have I done?
[sobs] What have I done?
I've doomed
my two bestest pals
in the world!
Doomed!
Why? Take me!
No, no, no, Larry.
We don't need food right away.
Just eventually.
Oh. In that case,
pull over here, Uncle Jerry.
I got a plan.
[Larry] See?
I told you I had a plan.
And how can you beat
all you can eat?
[rumbling]
[straining]
Come on, guys,
I know it's a dumpster,
but are we not mice?
Let's get in touch
with those rodent roots.
Look, I found a nugget!
-[gasps]
-[hissing]
No, no, we're good. We're good.
Your nugget. Your nugget.
Mm! Wow!
Ooh, Tuffy, you gotta try this.
Must be some kind of dessert.
Actually, I think someone
threw out their gum
in a honey-mustard tub.
Oh, gross.
Phew.
It's gettin' warmer, guys.
Better find a way to cool down.
Whoo! There we go.
Well, well,
what do we have here?
Ooh, looks like we got us
a couple of mouses.
Eh, hold up. A couple?
Wait--
Uh, how many is a couple again?
Two.
[grunts twice]
Checks out.
You see, this is our home.
And how would you like it
if you's caught someone
stealin' from your home?
We don't like it neither.
Lightning, tell 'em
what happens to stealers.
Ahem.
According to Dumpster-Cat code,
item seven, section nine,
any mouses caught stealin'
shall be summarily penalized,
and vis-a-vis,
hereby sentenced to, uh--
Oh--
Just eat 'em already, Butch!
Hey! You leave my uncle alone.
What was that?
Somethin' bumped my knee.
Any of you fellas
feel a breeze?
[all chuckling]
Ah. That's the stuff.
Wow, fellas.
A shake bath
can really open up those pores.
Hey, who are your new friends?
Six mouses?
[whispering indistinctly]
Really?
That's what comes after two?
Uh, three mouses?
I'm Larry.
Nice to meet ya. Whoa!
Say there, Butch,
anymore mouses show up
and you're gonna run
out of paws.
You know,
your pal's right there, Butch.
You got some sense of balance.
Pfft. That's a fact.
I mean, clearly, you must be
some kinda dancer, right?
No. Uh, not really.
I mean, not like I had
formal training or anything.
What do you mean?
Well, over the years,
I kind of developed
my own style, you know?
Kind of an acro-jazz,
hip-hop fusion
with a soupcon
of Cecchetti ballet.
Oh, sure, I meant to take
classes someday,
but I was always so busy.
You know how life is,
beatin' up this,
or breakin' into that.
Now?
[sighs] It's too late.
Oh, I don't know, Butch.
It's never too late.
It's too late for you,
snowball.
Come on, Butch.
Eat 'em already.
Uh, yeah, Mr. Butch, sir.
I mean, Larry's right.
It's never too late.
♪ It's never too late to try ♪
♪ Don't be afraid to fail ♪
♪ Would you rather
Chase your dreams ♪
♪ Or chase your tail? ♪
♪ Why not reach for the sky ♪
♪ It's never
Too late to change ♪
♪ To heed those
Wise old words ♪
♪ Follow your heart
Not mice and birds ♪
♪ Why not expand your range ♪
♪ Say goodbye to garbage bins ♪
♪ And alleys behind bars ♪
♪ You'll be on stage
In a Broadway show ♪
♪ Or dancing with Bruno Mars ♪
♪ Your old routines
Will never get you very far ♪
♪ So it's never too late ♪
♪ To start ♪
♪ Aren't you tired
Of saying not yet? ♪
♪ Why live with
Disappointment and regret? ♪
♪ If you want to dance
Don't leave it all to chance ♪
♪ Your talent's precious
And don't forget ♪
♪ Only you
Can make the choice ♪
♪ Only you can find
Your true voice ♪
♪ You can scratch or hiss ♪
♪ Or follow your bliss ♪
♪ And finally rejoice ♪
[all]
♪ No more rotten
Tuna fish will do ♪
♪ Or spoiling for a fight ♪
♪ You'll see your every wish
Come true ♪
♪ Your name in neon lights ♪
♪ It's time to stop believing ♪
♪ You have eight more lives ♪
♪ It's never too late ♪
♪ To try, try, try ♪
♪ Say goodbye to garbage bins ♪
♪ And alleys behind bars ♪
♪ I'll be on stage
On a Broadway show ♪
♪ Or dancing with Bruno Mars ♪
♪ I'll see
My every wish come true ♪
♪ My name in neon lights ♪
♪ It's time to stop believing ♪
♪ I have eight more lives ♪
♪ It's never too late to try ♪
♪ It's never too late ♪
♪ To try, try, try ♪
♪ It's never too late to try ♪
♪ It's never too late ♪
[Tuffy and Larry] Bye, guys!
[Larry] Great meetin' ya.
So long, fellas!
Uh, come back any time.
Have a nice trip.
You gonna be okay, Butch?
Those were the coolest mice
I ever met.
But I was really
looking forward
to pummeling something today.
Ah, chin up, Butch.
The day is still young.
Remember, it's never too late.
[tires screech]
One of my drones
spotted that mouse here.
Look around.
[shrieks]
What?
[gasps] Oh, no. He's melting.
And we're still so far
from Mount Felicity.
We'll never make it
before Larry melts.
What do we do?
-[Larry and Tuffy] Whoa!
-[tires screeching]
They have to be here somewhere.
Tom, go look in there.
See? Told you
not to give up hope.
It's called
the power of positive thinking.
♪ It's never too late to try ♪
[thudding and crashing]
[Doctor Doublevay]
There they are. Ha!
Tom, playtime's over.
We have to go.
I get it.
We can hitch a ride
across town
on the back
of that freezer truck.
Great idea, Uncle J.
We can keep Larry cold
and get there twice as fast.
[tires screeching]
[Tuffy] Uncle Jerry!
It's Doublevay!
Who? Oh, right.
The weirdo
from across the street.
Hiya, neighbor-weirdo-man!
Ha-ha. We got him now.
Preparing goop traps.
Uncle Jerry?
We better get
onto that freezer truck, now!
[tires screeching]
[engine revving]
So, the little mouse
wants to play cars, eh?
Tom, truck up.
-[engines revving]
-[Tuffy] Uh, Uncle Jerry?
What are you doing?
[all screaming]
[tires screeching]
-Whoo-hoo.
-Ha-ha.
That was awesome!
Oh, no. He turned around.
They're coming this way.
Hey! Watch it, you dumb cat!
Uncle Jerry,
we passed the freezer truck.
We're not gonna make it!
[tires screeching]
Sponge darts.
Sponge darts?
What harm could--
Did it leave a mark?
Nah. You're good.
[tires screeching]
He's gone crazy.
Uncle Jerry, we've got to
get back to that freezer truck,
but which way do we go?
-Turn here.
-[tires screech]
Uncle Jerry, look.
-Uncle Jerry, don't do it.
-[tires screech]
[tires screech]
[screaming]
[screams]
[parachute unfurls]
[Butch] Hello, there.
[crashing and thudding]
-[Larry] Whoo-hoo!
-[Tuffy] That was awesome!
Wow, Uncle Jerry.
That was great.
Those jerks were all like,
"We're gonna get you."
And but then you were like,
"Nuh-uh." Vroom!
And take this!
[makes fighting noises]
[laughing]
Let's do it again!
Yeah. The coolest uncle ever.
No kibble for you today.
Snow!
Oh, beautiful snow.
[kissing]
Yeah!
Wow! Look, Uncle Jerry.
That truck took us
halfway up the mountain.
We'll reach the top
of Ol' Smiley
and Snowman's Land in no time.
Of course,
that means we'll be having
to say goodbye to Larry
in no time.
-[Larry screaming]
-Larry?
[stuttering] Guys...
Marty's Super-Tastic
Wintertime Park?
[gasps] Cool.
Meet Santa
and feed his reindeer?
I love reindeer!
And it's only
a mile up the road.
I want a Destroy-A-Matic-5000,
a set of
Boochi-Choochimon cards,
-a new doll--
-Dude, seriously?
No refunds.
[man] Reindeer?
[scoffs] Those aren't reindeer.
Those are just mules
with fake antlers.
[scoffs] Seriously,
what kind of sap
would ever believe
those are actually reindeer?
Wow! Reindeer!
Aw, this place is great!
As majestic as I always dreamt.
Hey, sport. [sighs]
Do us a favor
and bring that bag
of grub over here.
Oh, yeah. Sure thing.
Thanks. Some days,
kibble's all we got
to look forward to.
Know what I mean?
Totally.
So how cool is it
being a reindeer?
Uh...
Did you not hear what--
Ooh, ooh, ooh! I bet
on stormy Christmas Eves,
your blue nose lights up
to help guide Santa, right?
Right?
Sure. Why not?
I knew it!
My name's Larry.
These are my bestest pals,
Tuffy and Uncle Jerry.
Floyd. Floyd, the, uh,
blue nosed mu--
Blue-nosed reindeer.
These are my... associates.
[whirring and beeping]
Me and my buddies
are on our way
up to Ol' Smiley.
To Snowman's Land.
A-ha! So that's where
they're headed.
Snowman's Land must be
some sort of code word
for the secret toy lab
up there.
Let's roll.
[all laughing]
Okay, okay. Here's another one.
What's the difference
between a reindeer
and a knight?
One slays the dragon,
the other one's
dragging the sleigh!
[Floyd] It's funny
'cause it's true.
[Jerry gasps]
[gasps] Doublevay!
Larry, we got to go!
But why? We just got here.
Oh. Them again, huh?
Come on, Larry!
Just a minute, fellas.
I'm not sure
what this weirdo wants,
but I do know
he and that cat of his
almost hurt my bestest pals
trying to get it.
What are you saying?
I'm not running this time.
What do you say
we let those jokers know
they've messed
with the wrong mice?
What do we do?
When I tell you to,
open that pen.
Pff. What a dump.
What kind of sap would enjoy--
Tom!
Nice going, Tom.
Because of your
cookie shenanigans,
we've lost the target.
Chase me and my pals, will ya?
-Ahh!
-[screams]
Tuffy, Jerry, now!
[whistles]
[yells]
[screaming]
[shushes]
Be careful, Uncle Jerr--
Whoa! Whoa!
[grunts]
Uncle Jerry.
[giggling] Did you see the look
on Doublevay's face?
Did ya?
[screaming]
Aw, snowballs.
Wait, Jerry, don't--
[straining]
Jerry?
Hold on. I got ya!
[sighs in relief]
Oh, thank goodness you're okay.
I'll admit, Uncle Jerry,
not my best plan,
but it could've gone
a lot worse--
[crashing]
Oh, Uncle Jerry,
this is all my fault.
I should've never
talked you guys into this.
I was just trying
to show you and Tuffy--
-Where's Tuffy?
-[screams]
Oh, Larry. What have you done?
[coughs]
Uncle Jerry?
Those weren't really reindeer,
were they?
Oh, boy, Larry.
You've had better ideas.
Larry?
Where's Larry?
Larry. Where'd he go?
That toy mouse
and his detestable rat friends
will rue the day they crossed
Doctor Lawyer
Oil-Tycoon Doublevay.
Oh, this isn't
about secret tech anymore.
This is about revenge.
Double revenge.
[laughs maniacally]
Oh, Tom!
Oh, thank goodness you're okay.
I was so worried.
Wait. You don't think
I abandoned you?
No, no, no, no, no.
Um, I'm actually on hold
with the police right now.
Yeah, I was alerting them
of your disappearance.
Hello, Officer?
Yes, I'm still here.
And guess what?
It's a Christmas miracle.
My sweet, precious Tom
is safe and sound.
[camera shutter clicks]
There, now, no hard feelings?
Good. Come on. I need you.
We're going back to town
to pick up a little surprise
for our bestest pals.
Larry? Larry?
We don't even know
if he went this way,
Uncle Jerry.
He could be anywhere
on this mountain.
Oh, where could he be?
I'm the worst
magical snowmouse ever.
You know, I don't know
if Snowman's Land is even real,
but part of me didn't care.
I was having so much fun
with my friends
and just look
what I did to 'em. [sniffles]
They probably hate me.
And I don't blame them.
[sobbing]
Easy, Larry.
You're being
too hard on yourself.
You made one mistake.
Oh, I make lots of mistakes.
I know it's hard to believe
'cause you look at me
and think,
here's this adorable,
charismatic,
compassionate snowmouse
with a razor sharp wit
and a big heart to match.
Rugged, bad boy looks
that betray
a sophisticated soft side.
We all make mistakes, Larry.
Listen, what do you say
we put Jerry and Tuffy
out of our minds, huh?
I guess.
I mean, it hurts
to even hear their names.
Jerry and Tuffy?
Twist the knife,
why don't you, Floyd?
No, I mean, Jerry and Tuffy.
Aren't those your buddies
down there?
Can't quite make 'em out.
It's them!
Well, they must be
looking for me.
Whatever they're doing,
they're headed
for a world of hurt.
That down there is the way
to Coyote Springs.
And guess what two things
they'll find down there?
Cyborg trolls and snake people.
What? No.
Why would I--
Listen to the name
again, Larry.
Coyote Springs.
Springs, huh?
[gulps]
Uh, any chance they're talking
about the fun boing-boing
kind of springs?
[steam hissing]
No way Larry could go anywhere
near these hot springs.
Let's backtrack.
Oh, no.
[snarling]
Uncle Jerry,
I'm sorry I got you
into all this.
I'm sorry
about a lot of things.
Like always breaking
your things with my magic
and never cleaning my room,
and for making up that story
about a lion
escaping from the circus
and eating an entire wheel
of your expensive
caciocavallo cheese.
[inhales]
It was me.
[growling]
Yee-haw!
Larry!
Don't worry, buddies.
I'll save ya.
Hey! Fang-face! Over here.
[snarling]
[howling in pain]
[Larry] Yoo-hoo!
Oh!
Now I get why they call it
Coyote Springs.
[snarling]
Uh, n-nice coyote.
Here, boy! You want the ball?
Want it?
Then go fetch!
[Tuffy] Larry, you did it.
Piece of cake. [groans]
But I don't think
I'll be doing that trick
again anytime soon.
Oh, you guys, I'm sorry
I messed up so bad.
Larry, you risked your life
coming to these springs
to save us.
You really are my bestest pal.
I sure am.
Look, but maybe we can talk
about how great I am
after we leave the land
of the exploding fountains?
Oh, right.
Now, come on.
Floyd said he'd take us
all the way up to Ol' Smiley.
That's right.
All aboard!
The Reindeer Express
is leaving the station.
Snowman's Land, here we come!
[wind howling]
[both shivering]
[cheerful music playing]
[tense music playing]
[rumbling]
[cheerful music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Tuffy gasps]
[cheerful music playing]
[wind howling]
Looks like
the end of the line for me.
But pipsqueaks like you
ought to be able to climb
the rest of the way just fine.
Well, thanks, good buddy.
I'd worry about
you getting home,
but since
you're one of Santa's reindeer,
you can just fly yourself down.
Larry, really?
You still belie--
Don't you think
I would have flown us--
No, you're right.
I'll fly down. Later.
Right now,
I could use the cardio.
We're almost there! Come on!
Sorry, Uncle Jerry.
It's just that
if Snowman's Land is real,
then I guess I'm just afraid
to say goodbye to Larry.
Yeah, I know.
It's for the best.
And you're right.
We'll always have each other.
[Larry] You guys. Come here!
[Tuffy] What is it?
DId you find it?
Is it Snowman's Land?
You tell me, buddy-o!
[Tuffy] It is real.
And it's amazing.
Wow.
I mean, it's no
Marty's Super-tastic
Wintertime Park,
but wow.
What are we waiting for?
Larry? What's wrong?
We're here.
Yeah, I know,
but what if they don't like me?
Are you kidding?
What's not to like?
No, I meant,
what if they don't like me
because they love me?
Which, let's face it,
I'm pretty lovable.
And if they love me,
I'll love them.
Then I'll wanna stay here,
but you'll have to...
You're my bestest pal, buddy-o.
But we both know
you belong here.
It's the only way
you can stay alive.
We just have to believe
that if magic brought us
together once...
It'll do it again someday.
You're right, Tuffster.
[Snow Mayor] Well,
hello there, little ones!
Welcome to Snowman's Land.
We're the Welcoming Committee!
My name's Mayor Berg.
You must be new in town.
I sure am. My name's Larry.
Larry!
Hmm. My, what a friendly name.
I'm Tuffy.
And this is my Uncle Jerry.
Jerry, eh?
Hmm,
a little derivative of Larry,
but welcome all the same.
Come. Let us show you around.
♪ Welcome to our
Mountain town ♪
♪ It's chilly, but I bet
That won't get you down ♪
♪ If you're made of snow
You should be good to go ♪
♪ You'll fit right in
Like the baker
And his rolling pin ♪
♪ Welcome to the land of snow ♪
♪ It's the holliest
Jolliest place to go ♪
♪ We're free of crime ♪
♪ So I've got lots of time
To sing along ♪
♪ Who doesn't have time
For a song when you're in ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Don't need refrigerators ♪
♪ No risk of alligators ♪
♪ Hey, we hope
You'll stick around ♪
♪ We sure could use you
In the town of ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Gosh
You make me feel at home ♪
♪ I thought for sure
I'd get here
And feel all alone ♪
♪ I'm gonna miss ya, buddy-o ♪
♪ But it's good to know
You'll be okay ♪
♪ And I can visit you
Any day up here in ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Ice cream for breakfast ♪
♪ Truly the bestest ♪
♪ Hey, we hope
You'll stick around ♪
♪ We sure could use you
In the town of ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
Larry, you simply must tell us
all about your adventures.
Where do we even start?
I mean, we ate trash burgers,
did magic tricks,
rode a reindeer.
Oh, and this weirdo
toy guy's been chasing us--
Mayor Berg! Mayor Berg!
One of my snow scouts spotted
some sort of contraption
approaching Ol' Smiley.
[gasps] Doublevay!
He must've followed us.
Relax. Snowman's Land
has a state-of-the art
defense system.
You don't stay hidden
from the rest of the world
all these years
without some effort.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
To your battle stations!
[low humming]
[Doctor Doublevay] I'd like
to introduce to you
the Destroy-A-Matic
Five Million!
Give 'em heck!
Snowballs?
That's their state-of-the art
defense system?
I know. Brilliant, isn't it?
Incredible, Tom.
A whole village
of high-tech toys.
Mayor, we're hitting him
with everything we've got.
What do we do?
Did we try putting
chunks of ice in the snowballs?
Because those really hurt.
Good thinking, sir!
We have to do something.
[Tuffy] Good idea, Uncle Jerry!
If we can get that phone,
we can shut this thing down.
Tom,
I got a feeling this season's
hottest toy is gonna be...
[laughs maniacally]
These things
will fly off our shelves.
It's running away!
Keep it up, people.
Okay, no. Nope.
That's not at all
what's happening.
[laughs maniacally]
[whistles]
Open fire at the weirdo!
Ouch! Oh! Ow! Ooh!
Hey, that one had ice in it.
-Hey!
-[phone beeping]
[Tuffy] Larry! Look alive!
Mine! Give it!
[Doctor Doublevay laughs]
Good boy, Tom.
Now hand it over.
What are you waiting for,
you clod?
[gasps] Tom!
What have you done?
[all cheering]
The ice balls worked, Mayor!
Oh, sure.
Everything here
is made of snow,
and yet somehow
you've managed to procure
nylon restraints.
See that, Tuff?
Everything worked out
just fine.
[beeping]
I jinxed the happy ending,
didn't I?
Probably yes.
[laughs maliciously]
You fools!
I gave the Destroy-A-Matic
Five Million
a failsafe kill mode.
Which, in hindsight,
probably wasn't the safest
feature for a child's toy.
But it's sure
coming in gangbusters now!
Uncle Jerry, what do we do?
It's gonna trample
Snowman's Land.
[laughs maniacally]
You're wasting your time!
That's useless.
You can only
turn it off manually.
[beeping continues]
[Larry] There's a power switch
on its head!
We got to get to that switch.
Larry, think you
and I can up there?
Think so? I know so!
Uncle Jerry, trust me.
Larry and I can get to the top
of that robot and turn it off.
But we need someone
to distract the big guy
while we do.
Whoa! It's windy up here!
There! The power switch!
Allow me.
[straining]
[grunting]
Uh, Larry?
Don't worry, Tuff. I got this.
It's coming. I can feel it.
[both screaming]
[straining] So... heavy.
Hey! You didn't have
to make me so jolly, you know.
Those kids are doomed.
[ice cracking]
[all cheering]
[cracking]
[Tuffy straining]
Forget about me, Tuffy.
Shut this thing off.
But how?
There's no switch!
Unless...
[Larry yells]
Ah! Help!
Hang on. I'll pull us up.
[straining]
Wait, I-I know
how to turn this thing off!
How?
You'll just have
to toss them in!
Nothing happened.
Do you have a plan B?
[beeping]
Great idea!
[Tuffy grunts]
[explosion]
You did it, kid!
You saved us!
[all cheering and applauding]
[Tuffy] Anyone else
find this hug really cold?
[Mrs. LePage] Merry Christmas,
everyone.
Tom, this one is from Jerry.
[jingling]
[horn honks]
Thomas, wherever did you
get such an expensive gift?
Oh, I knew the Destroy-A-Matic
Five Million
was overextending myself.
Hey, buddy.
Says we're supposed
to load 50 RC cars.
I count only 49.
You're gonna
have to pony up the cash.
Uh, you don't take
play money, do you?
[giggling]
You miss your little friend,
don't you, sweetheart?
[sighs]
I guess the forecast was right.
Not a single
snowflake out there.
[Larry]
♪ Hey, you're my bestest pal ♪
Larry?
How?
It's like we said, kid.
Magic brought us
together once...
And it would do it again.
♪ Don't you know
You're my bestest pal ♪
♪ Hey, you're my bestest ♪
♪ Don't you know, buddy-o ♪
♪ You're my bestest ♪
♪ Ooh, you're my bestest ♪
♪ Hey, you're my bestest pal! ♪
[peaceful music playing]
♪ Welcome to our
Mountain town ♪
♪ It's chilly, but I bet
That won't get you down ♪
♪ If you're made of snow
You should be good to go ♪
♪ You'll fit right in
Like the baker
And his rolling pin ♪
♪ Welcome to the land of snow ♪
♪ It's the holliest
Jolliest place to go ♪
♪ We're free of crime ♪
♪ So I've got lots of time
To sing along ♪
♪ Who doesn't have time
For a song when you're in ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Don't need refrigerators ♪
♪ No risk of alligators ♪
♪ Hey, we hope
You'll stick around ♪
♪ We sure could use you
In the town of ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Gosh, you make me
Feel at home ♪
♪ I thought for sure
I'd get here
And feel all alone ♪
♪ I'm gonna miss ya, buddy-o ♪
♪ But it's good to know
You'll be okay ♪
♪ And I can visit you
Any day up here in ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Ice cream for breakfast ♪
♪ Truly the bestest ♪
♪ Hey, we hope
You'll stick around ♪
♪ We sure could use you
In the town of ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Where everybody's ice ♪
♪ No risk of crocodiles ♪
♪ Hey, we hope
You'll stick around ♪
♪ We sure could use you
In the town of ♪
♪ Snowman's Land ♪
♪ Snowman's Land! ♪